chore: Refactor/update documentation to match new features (#320)
quarkiverse/quarkus-flow: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/concepts-durable-workflow-k8s.adoc

= Durable Workflows in Kubernetes
:page-role: concept
include::includes/attributes.adoc[]

> When you enable xref:persistence.adoc[State Persistence], Quarkus Flow stores enough information in the database to resume paused or failed workflow executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable xref:persistence.adoc[State Persistence], Quarkus Flow stores enough information in the database to resume paused or workflows interrupted due to a failure.
```

I think the word “failed” can give the impression that the workflow ended with an error, while the actual idea is that it was interrupted by a failure and can be resumed. Am I right?
